docs: update publishing-guidelines.md (#30)
Azure-Samples/azd-template-artifacts: docs/development-guidelines/operational-guidelines.md

[GitHub Projects](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/planning-and-tracking-with-projects/learning-about-projects/about-projects) are a great tool to create backlogs, label issues, prioritize, groom and distribute task. Avoid using Teams or any other tool for that purpose, particularly when teams are distributed. Keeping all information centralized in the repo or around it, helps keeping teams aligned, focused and organized.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > We require template owners to abide by the integration guidelines for templates that are already published, to minimize the risk of regressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We require template owners to abide by the integration guidelines for all published templates to minimize the risk of regressions.
```

## Integration code to the base branch (typically `main`) when a template is published

Do not work directly on the base branch.

## Working on an issue

When working on a task, be it a new feature or a bugfix,** always open a related issue and assign it to a member of the team. Offer regular status referencing the issue. **

All development must be be done in feature branches.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > When the template is already published the [https://github.com/microsoft/template-validation-action](https://github.com/microsoft/template-validation-action) must be configured to run when opening a pull-request against `main` (or the base branch). No pull-request should be approved and merged without passing the validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When the template is already published the [https://github.com/microsoft/template-validation-action](https://github.com/microsoft/template-validation-action), it must be configured to run when opening a pull-request against `main` (or the base branch). No pull-request should be approved and merged without passing the validation.
```

> Once agreed to, a code freeze is generally non-negotiable, though certain tasks can be spilled or descoped, and assigned to a post delivery milestone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once agreed to, a code freeze is generally non-negotiable, though certain tasks can be split or descoped, and assigned to a post-delivery milestone.
```

Author: Split has a different meaning, though. Spillover is a scrum term for when you have to move uncompleted tasks from one sprint to another.
